of gum and today we will weave
bracelet open
it's green
we put on
and red
just don't take
prostatitis
now green if you mess up what
color you need then you can look at
the middle and assure you what color you need
now we need red in the middle
red
with
obtained bracelet bracelet floor
need to weave different bracelets
beautiful bracelet mosque
dress up the red stairs
green dye it once
it turns out now it is necessary
Well, still a little bit left
articles
Yukari
means
here u so also keeps neighbors
rabbits
sleep last year
birds are singing
does not press
land on his arm
how many rubber bands
take out
cloud sadko
6 minutes quickly made bracelet
beautiful fashion
wonderful broken 20 thanks for
view all while you were Olya because
goodbye